Release notes about includes optimization in ROOT headers [skip-ci] (#5611)
root-project/root: README/ReleaseNotes/v622/index.md

See [core/sanitizer](https://github.com/root-project/root/tree/master/core/sanitizer) for information.

### Optimization of ROOT header files

> Many (but not all) unused includes were removed from ROOT header files. Like `#include "TObjString.h"` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many (but intentionally not all) unused includes were removed from ROOT header files. For instance, `#include "TObjString.h"` and
```

`#include "ThreadLocalStorage.h"` were removed from `TClass.h`. Or `#include "TDatime.h"` was removed from
`TDirectory.h` header file . Or `#include "TDatime.h"` was removed from `TFile.h`.

> This change may cause errors during compilation of ROOT-based code - one have to provide missing includes
> where they really required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change may cause errors during compilation of ROOT-based code. To fix it, provide missing the includes
where they are really required.
This improves compile times and reduces code inter-dependency; see https://github.com/include-what-you-use/include-what-you-use/blob/master/docs/WhyIWYU.md for a good overview of the motivation.
```
